================ Bosch Sensortec COINES =====================================

This package contains the python wrapper for the Bosch Sensortec COINES 
(COmmunication with INertial and Environmental Sensors) sensor evaluation 
software.

The software provides a python interface to Bosch Sensortec's 
Application Board APP2.0. The user can access Bosch Sensortec's MEMS 
sensors through a C interface. COINES can be used along with SensorAPI 
of the sensor, which is part of the software installation, but can also 
be obtained from https://github.com/BoschSensortec. Source code of 
sample applications and SensorAPI are provided with the COINES library as 
a package. The user can modify, compile and run the sample applications. 

COINES can be used to see how to use the SensorAPI in an embedded 
environment and allows convenient data logging. 

================ Licenses ===================================================

End User License Agreement for the python wrapper for COINES

By installing and using this software (“Software”), together with 
any hardware board, sensor board, firmware and documentation provided by 
Bosch Sensortec, you (“You”) are agreeing to the terms and 
conditions of this End User License Agreement (“Agreement”). Do not 
install or use this software before you have read and agreed to this 
Agreement. 

Bosch Sensortec products are developed for the consumer goods industry. 
They are not designed or approved for use in military applications, 
life-support appliances, safety-critical automotive applications and 
devices or systems where malfunctions of these products can reasonably 
be expected to result in personal injury. They may only be used within 
the parameters of the product data sheet. 

The provided Software allows You to evaluate and test Bosch Sensortec 
products, offering limited features. Bosch Sensortec disclaims any and 
all warranties and liabilities of any kind, including without limitation 
warranties of non-infringement of intellectual property rights or 
copyrights of any third party. The code of the Software is provided for 
illustrative purposes only and no evaluation regarding infringement of 
intellectual property rights or copyrights or regarding functionality, 
performance or error has been made. 

If not otherwise stated in the provided code of the Software, the 
following license terms and conditions apply: 

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of the 
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
this software without specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

The information provided is believed to be accurate and reliable. The 
copyright holder assumes no responsibility for the consequences of use 
of such information nor for any infringement of patents or other rights 
of third parties which may result from its use. No license is granted by 
implication or otherwise under any patent or patent rights of the 
copyright holder. 

Copyright (C) 2018-2019 Bosch Sensortec GmbH